1. General
1.1 “Walmart Cash” represents Walmart’s loyalty, award and promotional credits that may be obtained in the United States and Puerto Rico through a variety of programs made available by Walmart from time-to-time (each a “Promotional Program”). Each individual Promotional Program is subject to separate terms of use which govern your use of and participation in such program. The terms of use for Promotional Programs that are a benefit of Walmart+ Membership can be found in the Walmart+ Terms of Use. These Walmart Cash Offers Program terms of use govern how Walmart Cash may be redeemed, and are subject to the Walmart.com Terms of Use found here.

1.2 Walmart Cash has no cash, monetary or other value prior to being successfully redeemed pursuant to a valid distribution request in accordance with these Walmart Cash Offers Program terms of use at a Walmart store or through Walmart.com or the Walmart App. No interest is paid on Walmart Cash balances. Walmart Cash does not constitute property, and customers who have accumulated Walmart Cash have no ownership or other legal interest therein for any purpose. The use of the word “earn” in these terms of use or in the terms of use for any Promotional Program or other materials does not imply that Walmart Cash has any value prior to being successfully redeemed pursuant to a valid distribution request; nor does it imply that any amounts are owed to the participant.

1.3 Walmart Cash is not funded by you, and you cannot purchase Walmart Cash (Walmart does not sell Walmart Cash). Walmart Cash is provided to you solely by Walmart under the Walmart Cash Offers Program, which is offered and provided by Walmart at its discretion based on rebates and other promotions provided by Walmart, including rebates and other promotions sourced in the aggregate, indirectly, from manufacturers or suppliers of products or services sold at Walmart. By accepting these terms of use, you agree and acknowledge that your sole relationship in connection with the Walmart Cash Offers Program is with Walmart.

1.4 There may be a maximum amount of Walmart Cash that you may accumulate and/or obtain at any one time and have displayed in your Walmart Cash balance. As you redeem Walmart Cash and your balance falls below the maximum amount, any additional Walmart Cash that you obtain, up to the maximum amount, will be credited to your balance and available for redemption. The maximum amount is established by Walmart in its sole discretion. Unless prohibited by law, Walmart reserves the right to require a mandatory redemption of Walmart Cash periodically in its sole discretion.

1.5 Walmart Cash is non-transferable and non-assignable, cannot be brokered, bartered or sold, and cannot be divided as part of a settlement, legal proceeding or death, or combined with Walmart Cash of any other participant in the program. Walmart Cash does not expire, but customers must have a Walmart.com account in good standing to both obtain and redeem Walmart Cash.

1.6 We may update these Terms of Use from time to time by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting a revised Terms of Use through the Walmart Sites as set forth in the Walmart.com Terms of Use. Any such changes will not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date on which we posted the revised Terms of Use incorporating such changes or otherwise notified you of such changes. You agree that it is your responsibility to regularly check Walmart.com for any updated terms of use, including these Terms of Use and the terms of use for any Promotional Program you utilize. In addition, by continuing to use, access, or participate in the Walmart Cash Offers Program or any of the Walmart Sites or otherwise engaging with Walmart after we post any changes, you accept the updated Terms of Use. The “Last Updated” legend above indicates when these Terms of Use were last changed.

2. Redeeming Walmart Cash
Once you have obtained Walmart Cash pursuant to the relevant Promotional Program’s terms of use, your Walmart Cash balance will be reflected on your Account page at Walmart.com or in the Walmart App. In order to redeem your Walmart Cash, you may request: (i) to have your Walmart Cash applied against most purchases you make at a Walmart store or at Walmart.com, or (ii) to have your Walmart Cash redeemed for an equal amount of money either (a) to be deposited into a ONE debit account owned by you or (b) at a Walmart Money Center. The processes for these redemption methods are set forth below. Fully completing the process for a redemption method is the exclusive means of making a valid redemption request. Walmart reserves the right to add, delete or modify redemption options from time to time at its sole discretion.

2.1 Redemption for a Walmart eGift Card to be Applied Against Walmart Purchases
When you request to apply your Walmart Cash to an in-store or online purchase at Walmart, subject to other terms contained herein, we will digitally redeem your Walmart Cash for a Walmart eGift card that will be instantly applied against your basket total. In order to do so, please follow the steps below. eGift cards are subject to the standard Walmart Gift Card Terms and Conditions found here, except that eGift cards under this Walmart Cash Offers Program are provided to you by Walmart as loyalty, award and promotional products. At all times, eGift cards awarded in the Promotional Programs remain the property of Walmart.

In-Store:

Using the Walmart app, sign into your Walmart account where you have accrued a Walmart Cash balance.
At checkout scan the Walmart Pay QR code with the Walmart app on your phone.
Tap "Use Walmart Cash" to redeem your balance for an eGift card to be applied against the purchase price and select how you would prefer to pay for any remaining amount (if applicable). If your Walmart Cash balance is less than your basket total (excluding prohibited items), your full Walmart Cash balance will be redeemed for an eGift card and applied against your basket total. If your Walmart Cash balance is greater than your basket total, only that portion of your Walmart Cash balance necessary will be redeemed for an eGift card and applied against the basket total.
Online:

On Walmart.com or the Walmart app, sign into your Walmart account where you have accrued a Walmart Cash balance.
In checkout, tap “apply Walmart Cash balance" in the Wallet section to redeem your Walmart Cash balance for an eGift card to be applied against the purchase price and select how you would prefer to pay for any remaining amount (if applicable).
The eGift card cannot be used to purchase the following items:

All gift cards, including, but not limited to:
Walmart and Sam’s Club gift cards
Any 3rd party gift cards (e.g., Apple, Google, PlayStation, Starbucks)
Network-branded gift cards (i.e., Visa, Mastercard, AMEX gift cards)
Re-loadable prepaid cards (e.g., Green Dot, BlueBird)
Prescription-related products, including, but not limited to:
Prescription products such as prescription pet medications, prescription drugs, and prescription medical supplies
Prescription co-pays or deductibles
Health care services provided by Walmart Health or Walmart Health Virtual Care
Pharmacy purchases submitted to any health benefit program, pharmacy benefit program, insurer or state / federal government health care program
Optical products and services
Alcoholic beverages
Tobacco
Firearm and ammunition products
Lottery tickets
Financial services, including those offered through Walmart Money Centers (e.g., money transfers, money orders, bill payments)
Membership fees (Walmart+)
Tips paid to delivery drivers
Select third party services, as required by applicable law
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE ITEMS THAT ARE ELIGIBLE FOR WALMART CASH OR EGIFT CARD REDEMPTION ARE DETERMINED SOLELY BY WALMART, AND THAT ALL EXCLUDED ITEMS MAY NOT BE FULLY-LISTED IN THESE TERMS OF USE. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WALMART HAS THE RIGHT TO AMEND THE LIST OF EXCLUDED ITEMS AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, AND THAT WALMART MAY LIMIT THE ABILITY TO REDEEM WALMART CASH THROUGH THE WALMART CASH OFFERS PROGRAM AT ANY TIME IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH ANY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.

2.2 Loyalty Digital Codes and Cash Out Redemption
Once you have accumulated at least $25 in Walmart Cash, you may request that all or a portion of your Walmart Cash balance be redeemed, in line with the disbursement limits, for an equal amount of money (a “Cash Out Payment”). You will not be able to request a Cash Out Payment if you have less than $25 in Walmart Cash.

We will accommodate your request for a Cash Out Payment by providing a single-use, loyalty digital code issued by Sunrise Banks, N.A., Member FDIC (a “Loyalty Digital Code”). You may only redeem your Loyalty Digital Code to transfer funds to a ONE debit account owned by you or at Walmart Money Center locations to receive cash.

Loyalty Digital Codes are subject to the Sunrise Banks Loyalty Digital Code Terms and Conditions found here. Loyalty Digital Codes are funded by Walmart and provided to you by Walmart as loyalty, award and promotional products. Until successfully redeemed by you, any funds on the Loyalty Digital Codes remain the property of Walmart. The cash out services for the Loyalty Digital Codes are provided by InComm Financial Services, Inc. (NMLS # 912772) and are subject to additional terms available here. The ONE debit account is issued by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC, under license by [Mastercard© International].

To request a Cash Out Payment in your ONE debit account, visit the [Rewards Center] in your Walmart App, and select “Redeem Walmart Cash to ONE”. To redeem your Loyalty Digital Code, if you have a linked ONE debit account, follow the instructions in your Walmart App. If you do not have a linked ONE debit account, you may either link your account or create an account by following the instructions in your Walmart App.

To request a Cash Out Payment at a Walmart Money Center, visit a Walmart Money Center and display your barcode, as generated in your Walmart App, to an associate to scan. Your barcode is your Loyalty Digital Code. To redeem your Loyalty Digital Code, you must provide a valid, government-issued photo identification to the Walmart Money Center associate within three (3) hours of issuance. The identification that you provide must match the profile that you created with Walmart. Walmart reserves the right to refuse any form of identification it deems not acceptable, or that does not otherwise meet the requirements of Sunrise Banks or InComm Financial Services. Loyalty Digital Codes not redeemed within three (3) hours of issuance will be cancelled and Walmart Cash equivalent to the value of such Loyalty Digital Code will be credited back to your Walmart Cash balance.

2.3 No Automatic Redemptions
You are responsible for redeeming your Walmart Cash. There are no automatic redemptions of Walmart Cash. If you do not make a valid distribution request in accordance with these Walmart Cash Offers Program terms of use at a Walmart store or through Walmart.com or the Walmart App, we are under no obligation to send you an eGift card or a Loyalty Digital Code. Absent a redemption request, the credits will remain in your Walmart Cash account and will not expire.

3. Redemption Limitations and Restrictions
3.1 The maximum aggregate amount of Walmart Cash that you may redeem in a single day is $2,000. Walmart, at its sole discretion, may modify this maximum amount at any time. Any successful redemption for an eGift card is final and cannot be revoked by you.

3.2 You are allowed one Cash Out Payment per day. The maximum Cash Out Payment per day is $500, the maximum aggregate amount of Cash Out Payments per week is $1,000, and the maximum aggregate amount of Cash Out Payments per month is $2,000. Walmart, at its sole discretion, may modify these maximum amounts at any time. Any request for a Loyalty Digital Code and Cash Out Payment is final and cannot be revoked by you.

3.3 If you elect to close your Walmart.com account while it contains unredeemed Walmart Cash, you must redeem such Walmart Cash pursuant to one of the methods available under the Terms of Use prior to closing the account. If the account is removed or deactivated by Walmart, or if you fail to properly redeem Walmart Cash in accordance with these terms of use prior to closing the account, any right to redeem any accumulated Walmart Cash will terminate and any Walmart Cash balances will be vacated. Upon account closure, you will forfeit the ability to participate in the Promotional Programs and no longer be entitled to Walmart Cash offers.

3.4 Walmart reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revoke Walmart Cash, or suspend a customer’s access to Walmart Cash or any program or service related to the Walmart Cash Offers Program, in the event of fraud, misuse or other abuse of the Walmart Cash Offers Program or any Promotional Program.

4. Miscellaneous
4.1 The programs described herein are free loyalty, incentive, or promotional programs established to reward you for shopping at Walmart or at Walmart.com. These programs reward Walmart customers for their loyalty and/or allow Walmart to promote particular goods and services, either directly or with a third party. Walmart is not obligated to offer these programs. As described herein, Walmart is solely responsible for determining the conditions under which any reward will be offered; whether a customer has satisfied the conditions to receive the reward; and whether said reward may be revoked, modified, or canceled. Walmart may change the terms of any promotion at any time without notice to you. You may also be required to agree to additional terms and conditions for specific reward opportunities. Unless and until all of the conditions for receipt of a reward have been met, you are not entitled to any reward or portion thereof and you have no property interest therein. Rewards remain the property of Walmart until there is a valid distribution request and the rewards are successfully redeemed by you in accordance with the particular redemption requirements at the time of redemption. There will be no re-crediting, reversal, or refund of rewards for any reason after the rewards have been successfully redeemed. In the event that any Walmart Cash Offers Program reward includes an amount that must be paid to you in a manner other than described herein, successful redemptions that remain outstanding may be subject to escheat pursuant to the relevant state’s unclaimed property law, if applicable.

4.2 Depending on applicable federal, state, and local tax laws, your distribution of rewards (including your redemption of eGift cards and Loyalty Digital Codes) may be subject to taxes. You will be solely responsible for any and all tax liability arising out of your distribution of rewards and you agree to provide Walmart with information Walmart requests in connection with applicable federal, state, and local tax laws. You are solely responsible for any tax liability (including fees, penalties or fines) incurred by Walmart as a result of your action or inaction in connection with the foregoing (including your failure to provide Walmart with information). You agree that Walmart is authorized to offset such tax liability from your rewards.

PROMOTIONAL PROGRAMS
Manufacturer Offers Program Terms of Use
1. General.
1.1 Walmart customers who have a Walmart.com account established in accordance with the Walmart.com Terms of Use are provided exclusive access to see and select, at Walmart.com or in the Walmart App, offers for digital rebates provided by Walmart at its discretion based on rebates and other promotions sourced in the aggregate, indirectly, from manufacturers or suppliers of certain products or services sold by Walmart, and upon purchase of the relevant product, are eligible to obtain Walmart Cash equivalent to the value of that specific digital rebate (the “Manufacturer Offers Program”). By utilizing the Manufacturer Offers Program and other related features or services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the following terms of use.

1.2 Eligibility Requirements; Customer Representations and Warranties. In order to use the Manufacturer Offers Program, you must have a Walmart.com account in good standing and be in compliance with the Walmart.com Terms of Use and the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use. You also must be located in the United States or Puerto Rico when participating in the Manufacturer Offers Program. By agreeing to these Manufacturer Offers Program Terms of Use, you represent and warrant to us: (i) that you are not violating the Walmart.com Terms of Use or the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use; (ii) that you are participating in the Manufacturer Offers Program only when located in the United States or Puerto Rico; (iii) that you or your Walmart.com account have not been previously suspended, removed, or deactivated from Walmart.com, the Manufacturer Offers Program, or the Walmart Cash Offers Program; and (iv) that your registration and your participation in the Manufacturer Offers Program is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations. Any breach of these representations may result in Walmart revoking your Walmart.com account and your right to participate in any other programs or services offered by Walmart, including permission to participate in the Manufacturer Offers Program, and any right to redeem any Walmart Cash balance may terminate, pursuant to Section 4 of these Manufacturer Offers Program Terms of Use.

1.3 Additional Terms. Your use of the Manufacturer Offers Program is subject to any additional terms, rules, or guidelines applicable to certain services and features which we may post from time to time (the "Additional Terms"). All such Additional Terms are hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, these terms of use.

1.4 Modification or update of the Manufacturer Offers Program Terms of Use. We may update these terms of use from time to time by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting a revised terms of use through the Walmart Sites as set forth in the Walmart.com Terms of Use. Any such changes will not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date on which we posted the revised terms of use incorporating such changes or otherwise notified you of such changes. You agree that it is your responsibility to regularly check Walmart.com for any updated terms of use, including the Manufacturer Offers Program Terms of Use or the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use. In addition, by continuing to participate in or access the Manufacturer Offers Program or any of the Walmart Sites or otherwise engaging with Walmart after we post any changes, you accept the updated terms of use. The “Last Updated” legend above indicates when these terms of use were last changed.

1.5 Accounts and Registration. To access the Manufacturer Offers Program you must register and maintain in good standing a Walmart.com account, in accordance with the Walmart.com Terms of Use.

2.Utilizing Manufacturer Offers.
2.1 Activating Offers. Walmart may make available to you from time to time through the Manufacturer Offers Program offers for certain digital item-level rebates sourced in the aggregate, indirectly, from manufacturers or suppliers of products sold in Walmart stores or through Walmart.com (each a "Digital Offer"). These Digital Offers will be identified to you at Walmart.com or in the Walmart App, through an icon, button, or other selectable feature titled as a “Walmart Cash offer”, “Offer” or similar terminology, and which will set forth the value of that specific Digital Offer. In order to activate a Digital Offer through the Manufacturer Offers Program, you must, at Walmart.com or in the Walmart App, select the relevant Digital Offer and add it to your account, and then purchase the product associated with the Digital Offer either in a physical Walmart store or through Walmart.com or the Walmart App. When purchasing the relevant product in a physical Walmart store, you must use Walmart Pay to connect the items you are purchasing with the activated Digital Offer you added to the Walmart Cash section on your Account page and to purchase the relevant products. If you are unable to utilize Walmart Pay to complete your in-store transaction, you can also, subject to any limitations set forth below, prove your purchase of such products by accessing the Walmart Cash section on your Account page in the Walmart App and scanning your paper receipt and submitting it as directed therein. All activated Digital Offers will be shown in the Walmart Cash page of your Account until the relevant products have been purchased. Each Digital Offer is subject to any additional terms (such as an offer expiration date or a requirement to purchase multiples of a relevant item), identified in the “Offer Details”. Note that Digital Offers may expire if the relevant product or service is not purchased within the timeframe set forth in the Offer Details.

2.2 Eligibility Determination and Adjustments. Once you have activated a Digital Offer and purchased the relevant product, you will accumulate Walmart Cash. The Manufacturer Offers Program and any individual Digital Offer may be discontinued by Walmart at any time without notice. In addition, at any time and in Walmart's sole discretion, Walmart may: (i) determine whether or not you are eligible to activate any particular Digital Offers; (ii) determine whether or not you have activated any particular Digital Offers or accrued Walmart Cash for the offer; or (iii) adjust your Walmart Cash balance to accurately and fairly reflect the Digital Offers that you have actually activated and Walmart Cash you have actually obtained. Walmart may, in its sole discretion, deduct from your Walmart Cash balance any Walmart Cash that Walmart determines should not have been awarded or you have obtained in violation of these Terms. Digital Offers have no monetary value unless and until they are activated in accordance with these terms of use and any eligible Walmart Cash is redeemed in accordance with the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use. You may not and will not obtain any cash, money, or anything of value in exchange for your activated Digital Offers.

2.3 Return of Product and Reversal of Accrued Walmart Cash. In the event you return a product you previously purchased and for which you activated a Digital Offer and obtained Walmart Cash, you agree that the value of the Walmart Cash initially awarded will be deducted from your Walmart Cash balance. From time-to-time this may result in a negative balance in your Walmart Cash Offers Program account, for instance, where you have already redeemed the previously obtained Walmart Cash for the product you returned. In the event that happens, future Walmart Cash awards will be used to offset that negative balance. However, unless Walmart determines, in its sole discretion, that you violated these terms of use or the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use, acted fraudulently or otherwise misused or abused the Walmart Cash Offers Program, and subject to any other terms contained in the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use, you will not otherwise be required to repay any such negative balance, and no creditor-debtor relationship will be established between you and Walmart.

2.4 Redemption. Please refer to the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use for all terms applicable to redemption of Walmart Cash.

3. Prohibited Conduct.
By using the Manufacturer Offers Program you agree not to:

submit to Walmart purchase information that is false, inaccurate, fabricated, counterfeited, tampered with, adjusted, or otherwise artificial or inauthentic for the purpose of seeking to accumulate Walmart Cash with Walmart;
redeem, or attempt to redeem, Walmart Cash for products that have not actually been purchased and retained, or for products that have been purchased but returned to a Walmart store or Walmart.com, following purchase;
upload receipts to Walmart that have already been uploaded by you or another user, for the purpose of obtaining Walmart Cash for purchasing products that you did not actually purchase;
upload receipts to Walmart that reflect purchases that took place more than one (1) week prior to the date on which the receipt is uploaded;
upload receipts to Walmart that reflect purchases that took place prior to the launch date of a Digital Offer or campaign and therefore prior to your activating the Digital Offer, except where expressly permitted by the terms of the Digital Offer;
attempt to obscure information on a receipt, such as by purposefully uploading a receipt without a clearly legible date;
use the Manufacturer Offers Program for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights, and data protection and privacy, or the collection, storage, transmission, or access of educational records; or
use or attempt to use the Manufacturer Offers Program outside of the United States and Puerto Rico.
4. Termination of Use; Discontinuation and Modification of the Manufacturer Offers Program.
4.1 Termination/Revocation. If you engage in Prohibited Conduct or otherwise violate any of these terms of use, the Walmart.com Terms of Use, the Walmart Cash Offers Program Terms of Use, or the terms of use for any other Walmart programs to which you may be subject, you agree that your permission to participate in the Manufacturer Offers Program will automatically terminate and any rights you have to the Digital Offers in your account will terminate and you will no longer be eligible to redeem such Digital Offers. You also agree that we may, at any time and without notice to you, suspend or revoke your access to and participation in the Manufacturer Offers Program, and any accounts you may have in connection with the Manufacturer Offers Program including: (i) where we determine in our sole discretion that such action is reasonable in order to comply with legal requirements or to protect the rights or interests of Walmart or any third party; or (ii) in connection with any general discontinuation of the Manufacturer Offers Program. We also reserve the right to modify the Manufacturer Offers Program at any time without notice to you. WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER ON ACCOUNT OF ANY CHANGE TO THE MANUFACTURER OFFERS PROGRAM OR ANY SUSPENSION OR REVOCATION OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, PROVIDED THAT IF WE TERMINATE YOUR ACCESS TO THE PROGRAM OTHER THAN FOR YOUR BREACH OF THESE TERMS, YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO REDEEM ANY ACCRUED WALMART CASH IN A MANNER TO BE DETERMINED IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION. You may terminate your account at any time by visiting your account.

4.2 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of these terms of use: (a) in accordance with the applicable Walmart.com Terms of Use, your license rights will terminate and you must immediately cease participation in the Manufacturer Offers Program; (b) you will no longer be authorized to access the Manufacturer Offers Program; and (c) any Sections which, by their nature or express terms should survive, will survive.

